Starbucks

Explore thirst-quenching Starbucks Refreshers® beverages: Mango Dragonfruit, Strawberry Açaí and Kiwi Starfruit.
Order iced beverage.
NITRO
COLD BREW.
Recharge with cold, lush, velvety-smooth coffee—served with or without house-made sweet cream.
Order Nitro.
FREE COFFEE IS A TAP AWAY.

Starbucks Corporation is an American multinational chain of coffeehouses and roastery reserves headquartered in Seattle, Washington.
As the world's largest coffeehouse chain, Starbucks is seen to be the main representation of the United States' third wave of coffee culture.
As of September 2020, the company had 32,660 stores in 83 countries, including 16,637 company operated stores and 16,023 ...

Starbucks Unsweetened Blonde Roast Iced Coffee - 48 fl oz.
Starbucks Discoveries.
4.5 out of 5 stars with 44 ratings.
44.
$4.89.
Starbucks Frappuccino Vanilla Chilled Coffee Drink - 13.7 fl oz Glass Bottle.
4.4 out of 5 stars with 16 ratings.
16.
$2.69.

Amazon Payment Products.
Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards.
Amazon.com Store Card.
Amazon Secured Card.
Amazon Business Card.
Amazon Business Line of Credit.
Shop with Points.
Credit Card Marketplace.
Reload
Your Balance.

Starbucks At Home - Discover new coffee formats, roasts, how to's brew methods and recipes to make your perfect cup of coffee.

MAKE YOUR STARBUCKS ® FAVORITES AT HOME.
From refreshing iced lattes to invigorating espressos and mouthwatering macchiatos, this is the best way to bring your favorite café drinks to life right in your very own kitchen.
Image.
HOT DRINKS.


Starbucks, American company that is the largest coffeehouse chain in the world.
Its headquarters are in Seattle, Washington.
It was founded in Seattle in 1971 and became a worldwide chain of coffeehouses after Howard Schultz bought the company in 1987, with some 30,000 stores globally by the early 21st century.

Starbucks was founded by Jerry Baldwin and Howard D. Schultz on November 4, 1985 and is headquartered in Seattle, WA.
Read More Industry Hotels, Restaurants & Leisure

Ford Motor Company

Ford® is Built for America.
Discover the latest lineup in new Ford vehicles!
Explore hybrid & electric vehicle options, see photos, build & price, search inventory, view pricing & incentives & see the latest technology & news happening at Ford.

Ford is a family company, one that spans the globe and has shared ideals.
We value service to each other and the world as much as to our customers.
Generations have made their memories with us and included us in their hopes and dreams.
After 117 years, we’re used to adapting to and leading change.

A/X/Z Plan pricing, including A/X/Z Plan option pricing, is exclusively for eligible Ford Motor Company employees, friends and family members of eligible employees, and Ford Motor Company eligible partners.
Restrictions apply.
See your Ford or Lincoln Dealer for complete details and qualifications.

Accessibility.
At Ford Motor Company, we are committed to making our website accessible for all of our site visitors.
In addition to the improvements we have completed, our teams continue to work dedicatedly to ensure our website content is accessible so that our site visitors have the best possible experience.

Ford Motor Company, commonly known as Ford, is an American multinational automaker that has its main headquarters in Dearborn, Michigan, a suburb of Detroit.
It was founded by Henry Ford and incorporated on June 16, 1903.
The company sells automobiles and commercial vehicles under the Ford brand, and most luxury cars under the Lincoln brand.
Ford also owns Brazilian SUV manufacturer Troller, an ...

A/X/Z Plan pricing, including A/X/Z Plan option pricing, is exclusively for eligible Ford Motor Company employees, friends and family members of eligible employees, and Ford Motor Company eligible partners.
Restrictions apply.
See your Ford or Lincoln Dealer for complete details and qualifications.

Ford Motor Company plant, River Rouge, west of Detroit, Michigan, c. 1930s.
Built between 1917 and 1925, it became the model for assembly-line production, turning parts at one end into finished cars at the other.
Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc.
The company’s first international sales branch opened in Paris in 1908.


Ford is a family company in more ways than one.
The culture is anchored in shared beliefs and ideals, acting for the common good.
As an organization, Ford believes everyone should have the freedom to move and pursue their dreams, and seeks to create a culture of belonging for every employee.

Panasonic

At Panasonic, we bring together complementary expertise across technologies and industries to give our partners a competitive edge, and improve the way we all live and work.

Buy Lumix Digital Cameras and Lenses, 3D HD Camcorders, Blu-Ray Players, Headphones, Appliances, Shavers, Beauty products and other consumer electronics directly from Panasonic

Panasonic introduced its first Digital Single Lens Mirrorless camera the LUMIX G1 to revolutionize the entire camera market in 2008.
Since then, the company has been developing epoch-making cameras and lenses with cutting-edge features in a small package to defy old stereotype.

Panasonic Corporation, formerly known as the Matsushita Electric Industrial Co., Ltd. is a major Japanese multinational electronics company, headquartered in Kadoma, Osaka.
It was founded by Kōnosuke Matsushita in 1918 as a lightbulb socket manufacturer.
In addition to consumer electronics of which it was the world's largest maker in the late 20th century, Panasonic offers a wide range of ...

Shop Panasonic cordless phones, corded phones for your home, office, or 2-line telephones for small business.

Panasonic - Streaming 4K Ultra HD Hi-Res Audio with Dolby Vision THX Certified 7.1 Channel DVD/CD/3D Wi-Fi Built-In Blu-Ray Player - Black.
User rating, 4.7 out of 5 stars with 101 reviews.
(101) $999.99.
Your price for this item is $ 999.99.

Panasonic's Genius Sensor monitors steam levels in the HomeCHEF and adjusts cooking methods accordingly to deliver perfect results, every time.
Save counterspace while increasing interior volume The HomeCHEF's sleek, compact size fits neatly on any countertop, and saves you 15% more space when compared to similarly spacious convectional microwaves.

Experience a whole new world of comfort and convenience with Panasonic’s Miraie, an IoT-enabled platform designed to empower your everyday life with seamless connectivity.
With it, now control your AC remotely, customize the AC settings and pre-set it to a temperature as per your schedule.

The Panasonic G7 is the sixth camera in their G series line, and I have to say they have finally nailed it.
This camera sits right in the sweet spot of performance, size, and price.
It is considered a mid level camera but can do just about anything the higher end models can.

Welcome to Panasonic Support
We're here to help.
Instruction Manuals.
Firmware Downloads.
Parts & Accessories.
Looking for step-by-step setup, installation and troubleshooting videos?
Visit our dedicated YouTube video support channel!
Panasonic Help Channel (Opens in a new window)

McDonald's

Get all your McDonald’s favorites delivered right to your doorstep with McDelivery® on Uber Eats or DoorDash.
*
At participating McDonald’s.
Prices may be higher than at restaurants.
Delivery/service fees apply.

McDonald's Corporation and McDonald’s USA, LLC (“McDonald’s”) are committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity and will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, sex, religion, national origin, citizenship status, age, disability, veteran or military status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, genetic information, or any other ...

McDonald's Corporation is an American fast food company, founded in 1940 as a restaurant operated by Richard and Maurice McDonald, in San Bernardino, California, United States.
They rechristened their business as a hamburger stand, and later turned the company into a franchise, with the Golden Arches logo being introduced in 1953 at a location in Phoenix, Arizona.

At McDonald’s, when we say, “billions served,” we’re not just talking about burgers.
We’re talking about serving our communities, customers, crew, farmers, franchisees and suppliers.
As we look to the future, we believe we can have an even greater impact by focusing on four areas that matter most.
Food Quality & Sourcing.

McDonald's.
81,144,658 likes · 23,553 talking about this · 37,170,761 were here.

McDonald's latest prices and the whole menu.
Taste burgers, chicken, chicken sandwiches, French fries, soft drinks, breakfast, wraps and salads.

McDonalds Menu Prices.
The menu prices are updated for 2021.
Please be aware, that prices and availability of menu items can vary from location to location.
McDonald’s was founded in 1940 by Richard and Maurice McDonald, in San Bernardino, California.
The company headquarters is in Chicago.

Download My McDonald’s App for the latest deals and more!
To download, go to Google Play or Apple App Store and search for “McDonald’s” or simply scan the QR code

Samsung

Samsung Credit is valid only at www.Samsung.com or in the Shop Samsung App for use towards an eligible purchase, including wearables, tablets, PCs, and select accessories, and is valid only until 3/31/2021 at 11:59 PM EST ("Expiration Date").
Reservation Gifts subject to availability and are non-transferrable.

Samsung Account.
Your gateway to the world of Samsung Explore what you can do with a Samsung account.
Get support from anywhere Access 24/7 customer service with one simple tap.
Keep your devices and information secure Protect what matters, from your data to your bank balance.
Make your phone uniquely yours Design it to reflect your personal ...

Samsung Galaxy Tab S7 and S7+.
Take your productivity and play to another level with the Galaxy Tab S7 and S7+.
Featuring the first 5G-enabled tablet in the U.S (also available in Wi-Fi), an optional expanded keyboard, tons of RAM and expandable storage, a long-lasting battery, and a new redesigned S Pen.

Samsung Galaxy A32 (128GB, 4GB) 6.4" Super AMOLED 90Hz Display, 64MP Quad Camera, All Day Battery, Dual SIM GSM Unlocked (US + Global) 4G Volte A325M/DS (Fast Car Charger Bundle, Awesome Black) .
Only 11 left in stock - order soon.

Get a Samsung Galaxy smartphone for as low as $1/mo.
Ends 6/03/21.
Req’s min.
$180 and 0% APR 30-mo.
agmt.
For well-qualified customers.
Galaxy A12 for $1/mo.
, A32 5G for $5/mo., or A52 5G for $10/mo.
after credits over 30 mos.

Samsung Galaxy Note20 Ultra 5G Samsung Galaxy Note20 Ultra 5G Start at $43.33/mo
For 30 months, 0% APR; Retail Price: $1299.99

Galaxy A02s.
Galaxy M21s.
Galaxy M31 Prime.
Galaxy F41.
Galaxy Tab Active3.
Galaxy S20 FE 5G. Galaxy S20 FE.
Galaxy A42 5G. Galaxy Tab A7 10.4 (2020)

Lost your phone?
Don't panic.
Find My Mobile will help you locate your phone or tablet and protect your data.
You can even use it to unlock if you forget your pattern ...

Honeywell

The future is what we make it.
At Honeywell, we're transforming the way the world works, solving your business's toughest challenges.

Honeywell Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) Honeywell is a leading provider of high-quality personal protective equipment for use at home or on the job.
Find Honeywell PPE kits, disposable masks, gloves, cleansing wipes, face shields and other safety products.
Shredders.

Honeywell Home offers smart home, home comfort, safety and energy efficiency solutions for your home.
Learn more about our connected products and innovations in...

The Honeywell Store is your one stop shop for all Honeywell Products at a great price.
Find the perfect heater, thermostat, fan, and many other products for your home or office, and find all of the replacement filters and pieces to keep them up and running.

Honeywell International Inc. is an American publicly traded, multinational conglomerate headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina.
It primarily operates in four areas of business: aerospace, building technologies, performance materials and technologies (PMT), and safety and productivity solutions (SPS).
Honeywell is a Fortune 100 company, ranked 92nd in 2019.

Honeywell Insight HPA5300 HEPA
Purifier Allergen Remover for Extra Large 500 Sq.
Ft.
Room with Display Panel, Sensor, Air Quality Indicator, Black 4.3 out of 5 stars 10 $250.85 $ 250 .
85 $289.99 $289.99

Honeywell Automation Colleges are located internationally throughout the globe, and deliver E-Learning courses for your training solutions.
Whether you are an operator, a process or chemical engineer, a maintenance technician, or the plant manager, the Automation College provides courses that support your role for a required skillset.

Security Cameras.
Shop Honeywell Home security cameras to self-monitor your house whether you're home or away.
As part of a DIY home security system, our WiFi surveillance cameras allow you to receive alerts and see or hear what's happening at home.
Shop our easy-to-install cameras online, or contact a Pro for consultation and installation.

Privacy Statement and End User License Agreement; Terms & Conditions; Global Site; Mobile view; Feedback © 2021 Resideo Technologies, Inc.
The Honeywell Home ...

Paramount Pictures

A gripping, character-driven thriller based on the 2012 New York Times best-selling novel of the same name, and starring Chris Evans, Michelle Dockery, Jaeden Martell, Cherry Jones, Pablo Schreiber, Betty Gabriel and Sakina Jaffrey.
The limited drama series unfolds around a shocking crime that rocks a small Massachusetts town and one family in ...

Paramount Pictures Corporation (commonly known as Paramount Pictures, or simply Paramount; common metonym: Par) is an American film and television production and distribution company and a subsidiary of ViacomCBS.It is the fifth oldest film studio in the world, the second oldest film studio in the United States (behind Universal Pictures), and the sole member of the "Big Five" film studios ...

Paramount Pictures Corp. was established in 1914 by W.W. Hodkinson as a film distributor, offering Adolph Zukor’s Famous Players Film Company, the Jesse L. Lasky Feature Play Company, and other producers an outlet for their movies.
In 1916 Zukor and Lasky merged their companies to form the Famous Players–Lasky Corporation and acquired Paramount to distribute their films.

Paramount Network is a premium entertainment destination that pushes the limits of storytelling with bold scripted and non-scripted series.
Inspired by over a century of cinema, Paramount Network is where today's brightest stars bring the experience of the big screen to every screen with stories that are immersive, inclusive and deeply personal.

Paramount Pictures Top 100 Movie by done_play | created - 24 Mar 2013 | updated - 27 Apr 2017 | Public Refine See titles to watch instantly, titles you haven't rated, etc

Watch thousands of episodes of your favorite shows on any device.
Paramount+ includes on-demand and live content from CBS, BET, Comedy Central, Nickelodeon, MTV, VH1, and more.

IKEA

Furniture and inspiration for a better everyday life at home .
Welcome to IKEA, where you will always find affordable furniture, stylish home décor and innovative modern home solutions, as well as design inspiration and unique home ideas!
If you are online furniture shopping or if you are visiting a local IKEA store near you, you can expect super low prices on a wide variety of exciting home ...

IKEA furniture and home accessories are practical, well designed and affordable.
Here you can find your local IKEA website and more about the IKEA business idea.

IKEA has for many years been working in a dedicated way to tackle child labour and fully supports the UN initiative.
As a further commitment, IKEA submits an action pledge to accelerate efforts to strengthen child rights in the IKEA supply chain.
Our vision is to create a better everyday life for the many people.

IKEA MALM Low Bed Frame Hardware Replacement Parts for Assembling Beds.
4.3 out of 5 stars 286.
$29.00 $ 29. 00.
Get it as soon as Mon, Jun 21.
FREE Shipping by Amazon.
Ikea Trofast Toy Storage Box White, Medium.
4.8 out of 5 stars 101.
$10.23 $ 10. 23 $10.77 $10.77.
Get it as soon as Mon, Jun 21.

IKEA (Swedish: ) is a Swedish founded, Dutch multinational conglomerate that designs and sells ready-to-assemble furniture, kitchen appliances and home accessories, among other useful goods and occasionally home services.
Founded in Sweden in 1943 by 17-year-old Ingvar Kamprad, IKEA has been the world's largest furniture retailer since 2008.
The brand used by the group is an acronym that ...

A French court has ordered IKEA to pay a €1 million ($1.2 million) fine after finding the Swedish retailer guilty of improperly using employee data.

Ikea is a Swedish retailer of ready-to-assemble furniture, home accessories, kitchen products and more.
Whether you're grabbing furniture or coming for their world-famous Swedish meatballs, you'll ...

IKEA offers well-designed, functional and affordable, high-quality home furnishing, produced with care for people and the environment.
There are several companies with different owners, working under the IKEA Brand, all sharing the same vision: to create a better everyday life for the many people.
IKEA was founded in Sweden in 1943.


Established in 1943.
"To create a better everyday life for the many people", this is the IKEA vision.
Our business idea is "to offer a wide range of well-designed, functional home furnishing products at prices so low that as many people as possible will be able to afford them".
We work hard to achieve quality at affordable prices for our customers at 4400 Shellmound Street in Emeryville,CA ...

Sears

Shop Sears for appliances, tools, clothing, mattresses & more.
Great name brands like Kenmore, Craftsman Tools, Serta, Diehard and many others.

Manage your Sears credit card account online, any time, using any device.
Submit an application for a Sears credit card now.

Sears, Roebuck and Co., commonly known as Sears, is an American chain of department stores founded by Richard Warren Sears and Alvah Curtis Roebuck in 1892, and reincorporated by Richard Sears and Julius Rosenwald in 1906.
Formerly based at the Sears Tower in Chicago and currently headquartered in Hoffman Estates, Illinois, the operation began as a mail ordering catalog company and began ...

Showing 761,718 products in: "sears.com" In Stock.
We've directed you to our Sears Category.
Repeat your search over our entire site without this redirect.
REDEEM POINTS.
$17.99.
$19.99.
Craftsman 8 pc.
Metric Combination Wrench Set.
Sold by Sears.com.

These help make sure the site is secure and fast for you.
We use Strictly Necessary Cookies for essential features such as to give you access to the shopping cart and tools to pay for your purchase, ensure that the products that you add to the cart are kept there while you are shopping and that the data that you enter during the ordering process is retained, enhance security as you navigate ...

We carry millions of appliance parts, snow blower, lawn & garden replacement parts, water filters and more.
No matter where you bought it, Sears Parts Direct has the right parts.

Sears Home Services is the only nationally authorized appliance repair service for Kenmore products.
We have performed millions of GE appliance repairs on refrigerators, washers, dryers, ranges and more.
Our technicians are appliance repair experts who you can trust for repairs on top appliance brands like Samsung, Maytag, Bosch and LG.

Sears - Online & In-Store Shopping: Appliances, Clothing & More

Sears base points mean those points awarded as part the standard Shop Your Way program.
You may only earn 5% back on eligible gas station purchases and 3% back in points on eligible restaurant and grocery store purchases on the first combined purchases of $10,000 during the promotional period and then 1% thereafter.

Red Hat

Red Hat is the world’s leading provider of open source solutions, using a community-powered approach to provide reliable and high-performing cloud, virtualization, storage, Linux, and middleware technologies.
Red Hat also offers award-winning support, training, and consulting services.
Red Hat is an S&P 500 company with more than 80 offices spanning the globe, empowering its customers ...

Red Hat, Inc. is an American multinational software company that provides open source software products to enterprises.
Founded in 1993, Red Hat has its corporate headquarters in Raleigh, North Carolina, with other offices worldwide.
It became a subsidiary of IBM on July 9, 2019..
Red Hat has become associated to a large extent with its enterprise operating system Red Hat Enterprise Linux.

Pixar Toy Story Pizza Planet Delivery Delivery Adjustable Baseball Snapback Cap Hat Red, Medium. 4.6 out of 5 stars.
331.
$20.00.
$20. .
00.
FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon.


Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) is a paid Red Hat product that includes support directly from Red Hat.
RHEL 7.4 is the latest version released on July 31, 2017 with kernel version 3.10.0-693.
A typical Red Hat Enterprise Linux includes several applications, development tools and utilities such as Samba, OpenOffice.org, MySQL, GIMP, Firefox ...

The Red Hat Society is a playgroup for women created to connect like-minded women, make new friends and enrich lives through the power of fun and friendship!

mon-tue - closed wed - 12:00 - 8:00 Thur - 12:00 - 8:00 Fri - 12:00 - 9:00 Sat - 4:00 - 9:00 Sun - 12:00 - 7:30 ‍ 914.591.5888 ext '0'

The Red Hat Society (RHS) is an international social organization that was founded in 1998 in the United States for women age 50 and beyond, but now open to women of all ages.
History.
The Royal Court of Queens Processional at a conference, 2014.
In the fall of 1997, Sue Ellen ...

Red Hat offers free services to churches schools and civic organizations that would like to have an auction as a fundraiser.
Red Hat Realty and Auction is a full service corporation with 16 qualified independent contractors and service personnel.

University of Chicago

The University of Chicago offers a robust collection of virtual resources to help prospective students prepare for the college application journey.
Through virtual tours, information sessions, and other special events, students can explore our campus, sit in on classes taught by our expert faculty, connect with their regional admissions officer ...

University of Chicago is a private institution that was founded in 1890.
It has a total undergraduate enrollment of 6,734, its setting is urban, and the campus size is 217 acres.

University of Chicago Rankings.
Niche rankings are based on rigorous analysis of key statistics from the U.S. Department of Education and millions of reviews.
Best Colleges for Math in America.
3 of 775.
Best Colleges for Public Policy in America.
3 of 599.
Best Colleges for Economics in America.
3 of 567.

The University of Chicago.
My Account.
My Account.
The University of Chicago.
Go to... navigatedown.
MyAccount Home Change my password.
MyAccount.
MyAccount allows you to manage all your UChicago account services from one location.
When you log into the MyAccount portal, you will be prompted to manage the services that require your attention ...

Recognized as one of the most prestigious and academically rigorous universities in the nation, the University of Chicago is a small research institute responsible for producing many of the ...

Group therapy at UChicago Medicine Ingalls Memorial led to marvelous breakthrough after decades of mental health struggles.
After waiting 30 years to get the mental health help he needed, a Calumet City resident now has his depression under control after behavioral health treatment at UChicago Medicine Ingalls Memorial.

Located in the heart of one of the world’s great cities, the University of Illinois at Chicago is a vital part of the educational, technological and cultural fabric of the region.
As Chicago’s only public research university with more than 33,000 students, 16 colleges, a hospital and a health sciences system, UIC provides students access to excellence and opportunity.

Mercedes-Benz

Mercedes-Benz combines luxury with performance across the full line of models including luxury sedans, SUVs, coupes, roadsters, convertibles & more.

Exclusive reports and current films: experience a broad range of topics from the fascinating world of Mercedes-Benz.
To find out about offers in your location, please go to the local Mercedes-Benz website.
This is the International website of Mercedes-Benz AG.
Visitors from the U.S., please visit our U.S. website www.mbusa.com.

Find out more about the A-Class.
The new S-Class – Presented by Florian Ambrosius.
Have a look at how the new S-Class will redefine your concept of high-end technology and comfort.
The V-Class – The spacious sedan with the star.
The Mercedes-Benz V-Class combines comfort and luxury on a large scale.
The new E-Class.

Mercedes-Benz AMG GT 63.
$140,600 STARTING MSRP.
Model Details Shop this Car.
Mercedes-Benz AMG S 63.
$151,600 STARTING MSRP.
Model Details Shop this Car.
Mercedes-Benz AMG SLC 43.
$64,650 ...

The finest new Mercedes-Benz dealer serving Denver, Mercedes-Benz of Littleton is ready to help you find the perfect luxury vehicle.
Proudly serving Denver, Castle Rock CO, Castle Pines, Aurora CO, Centennial CO, Parker CO, and Englewood

Mercedes-Benz Dealer Serving Nashville, TN.
Welcome to the official homepage of Mercedes-Benz of Nashville.
We are Music City's country star world-class Mercedes-Benz dealer.
Among car brands, Mercedes-Benz is one of the most prestigious and recognized names in the world.

Mercedes-Benz of Coral Gables is a Mercedes-Benz dealership located near Coral Gables Florida.
We're here to help with any automotive needs you may have.
Don't forget to check out our pre-owned cars.
Estimate your payments Please adjust the options below so we can estimate the most accurate monthly payments.

Mercedes-Benz of South Charlotte.
When you choose Felix Sabates' Mercedes-Benz of South Charlotte to meet your high-end automotive needs, you're getting an entire team of dedicated automotive professionals.
Our knowledgeable sales staff is here to help you choose the right vehicle to meet your needs.
There are years of experience and countless ...

Ubisoft

Welcome to the official website for Ubisoft, creator of Assassin's Creed, Just Dance, Tom Clancy's video game series, Rayman, Far Cry, Watch Dogs and many others.
Learn more about our breathtaking games here!

The Ubisoft Store features the best adventures on PC, PS4, Xbox One and Switch: become a viking legend in Assassin's Creed Valhalla, fight for freedom in Far Cry 6, or join the Special Forces with Rainbow Six Siege.
EXCLUSIVE EDITIONS & COLLECTIBLES.
FREE SHIPPING OVER $80.
GET 20% DISCOUNT

Get more from your games.
Connect with Ubisoft players, enjoy Rewards and discounts, compare your stats with your friends and much more in Ubisoft Connect.

Ubisoft+.
By continuing to navigate on this site, you accept the use of cookies by Ubisoft and its partners to offer advertising adapted to your interests, collect visit statistics and allow you to use the social network share buttons.
To learn more and set your cookies .

Ubisoft Entertainment SA (/ ˈ j uː b i s ɒ f t,-s ɔː f t /; French: ; formerly Ubi Soft Entertainment SA) is a French video game company headquartered in the Montreuil suburb of Paris with several development studios across the world.
Its video game franchises include Rayman, Rabbids, Prince of Persia, Assassin's Creed, Far Cry, Watch Dogs, Just Dance, and the Tom Clancy's series.

One discounted month per Ubisoft Account from 3rd June 2021 to 22nd June 2021 (8 am PST / 12 pm EDT).
At the end of the discounted month, Ubisoft+ will automatically renew and the payment method provided at checkout will be charged $14.99/month until you cancel, by following the instructions on ubisoftplus.com.
Additional restrictions apply .

Library of Congress

The Library of Congress is the nation's oldest federal cultural institution, and it serves as the research arm of Congress.
It is also the largest library in the world, with more than 162 million items.
The collections include books, sound recordings, motion pictures, photographs, maps, and manuscripts.

About Congress.gov.
Presented by the Library of Congress, Congress.gov is the official website for U.S. federal legislative information.
More about Congress.gov .
Visiting the U.S. Capitol.
Your visit to the historic U.S. Capitol begins as you enter the Capitol Visitor Center.

Library of Congress.
The Library of Congress provides Congress with objective research to inform the legislative process, administers the national copyright system, and manages the largest collection of books, recordings, photographs, maps and manuscripts in the world.

Databases (Library of Congress Electronic Resources Online Catalog).
Licensed and recommended free databases, indexing and abstracting services, and full-text reference resources.

The Library of Congress is making every effort to make its online collections and information available to all members of the public.
If you are a person with a disability and you have trouble using our web site -- or if you experience difficulty using any of our services, products, or facilities -- please tell us about the problem.

What and where is the Library of Congress?
The Library of Congress is housed across three buildings on Capitol Hill in Washington, DC: the Thomas Jefferson Building (10 1st Street SE), the James Madison Memorial Building (101 Independence Avenue SE) and the John Adams Building (2nd Street SE, between Independence Avenue and East Capitol Street).
The library houses more than 164 million items ...

Smithsonian Institution

The Smithsonian Institution is the world's largest museum, education, and research complex.
We are a community of learning and the opener of doors.
Join us on a voyage of discovery and explore and learn online.

